Triangle - A bug or an extension? (#289)
exercism/prolog: exercises/practice/triangle/.docs/instructions.append.md

Reviewer: I'm sorry, but this isn't exactly the content I was looking for. First thing to note is that the contents of this file are downloaded to the student, so also for people that hadn't worked on this exercise before, for which the current contents don't make sense.

What I _would_ like to see here is to mention that there are bonus tests that have you working with mixed integer and float values.

Author: Roger that will take care of it, now it's clear.

Author: Please check https://github.com/exercism/prolog/pull/289/commits/59b38f30cc5359738ab460aaaf2bee066dbb776a

# Instructions Append

> ## Bonus: Type equality not enforced
> 
> Tests don't validate if parameters aren't of the same ***type***.
> 
> ### Implication
> 
> A solution with ***strict type equality*** would be **passing**.
> 
> Implication of such a solution:
> ```prolog
> ?- triangle(1.0, 1, 1).
> false
> ```
> 
> ### Resolution
> 
> The above example would necessarily be ***true***, for a solution passing the bonus tests.

Reviewer: I would phrase this a bit differently:

```suggestion
## Bonus: mixed types

If you're up for it, there are a couple of bonus tests where the types of the arguments are not all the same.
These tests are optional, so you don't _have_ to solve before submitting your solution.
```

> The above example would necessarily be ***true***, for a solution passing the bonus tests.

Author: I've committed your change.
